# PDF Dump: 1

- source_url: https://data-api.marketindex.com.au/api/v1/announcements/XASX:TGM:6A1262749/pdf/inline/6A1262749.pdf
- pdf_url: https://data-api.marketindex.com.au/api/v1/announcements/XASX:TGM:6A1262749/pdf/inline/6A1262749.pdf
- domain: data-api.marketindex.com.au
- published_at: 2025-04-30
- score: 5.8500000000000005
- downloaded_at_utc: 2026-02-17T08:06:33.737206+00:00
- page_count: 0
- decoded_chars: 46786
- content_type: application/pdf; charset=utf-8

---

## Full Decoded Text

1 
 
 
 
 30 April 2025 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
(ASX: TGM) 
QUARTERLY REPORT  
1 January 2025 to 31 March 2025 
 
Theta Gold Mines Limited (“Theta Gold” or “Company”) (ASX: TGM) is pleased to report on its 
activities for the quarter ended 31 March 2025.  
HIGHLIGHTS 
 
DURING THE MARCH 2025 QUARTER: 
• Theta continues to advance discussions with international debt funders to provide part of 
the CAPEX requirements for the project, and is expected to make an announcement of 
preferred debt advisors 
• Pre-development plant construction preparation works underway 
• Theta’s team have finalised the design for the processing plant for the TGME Gold Plant to 
produce gold Dore on site 
• Theta’s team is examining the potential to add surface gold (174,000 oz) into the upfront 
mine schedule with an updated Feasibility Study for Q2. 
• Long term sophisticated Hong Kong investors convert 30,000,000 unlisted options at 0.12 
cents per options into 30,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares, raising US$2.3 million, (A$3.6 
million) before costs1 
 
Figure 1: Cleaning of old mill structures in preparation for drilling and blasting 
 
 
1 Refer to ASX Release dated 28 March 2025 titled, “Allotment of Shares Upon Exercise of Options”. 


2 
PRE-DEVELOPMENT PLANT CONSTRUCTION WORKS 
Based on the final design of the planned bulk earthworks for the Theta processing plant, the team is 
currently relocating all material and equipment within the process plant footprint, including the 
removal of old structures and buildings.  The Company currently has a 50-ton crane on site and has 
been dismantling the old plant tanks and removing the thickener. 
The team contracted yellow equipment providers from the local community to assist in preparing the 
salvage laydown areas. The salvage laydown area is located within the northeast corner of the 
processing plant, adjacent to the planned run-of-mine ore storage pad. 
Figure 2: Delivery of contracted Grader and Roller 
The removal of old steel structures, roofing and mill civils will be removed during the following 
weeks. The team plans on drilling and blasting the old mill civils and storing all the steel structures 
in the salvage laydown area. 
Figure 3: Removal of old mill sections  


3 
  Figure 4: Salvage laydown area 
Figure 5: Removal of old conveyor belt structure 
Figure 6: Old mill civils to be removed 
The pre-project execution work is planned to be completed by the end of May 2025. This work will 
ensure that the plant footprint is prepared for the project's bulk earthworks to start without any 
delays once the project is ready for execution.  


4 
OPERATIONS AND DEVELOPMENT UPDATE 
In total, 174,000 gold ounces sit on the surface, in tailings dams and surface rock dumps, 
surrounding the TGME gold plant, including 140,600 ounces of Indicated Resources in various 
tailings dams (Refer to JORC Table Annexure A). Theta is working on adding the surface gold 
resources into the mine schedule.   
We completed the following tasks on-site as part of preparing to build the gold plant and 
finalising the execution documentation.  
Description 
Completed 
Plant Process Design Engineers Appointed – RM Process 
✓
Tailings and Environmental Engineers Appointed – Eco Elementum 
✓
Additional Metallurgical Test Work 
✓
Updated Process Plant Flowsheet 
✓
Final Process Plant and Engineering Design 
✓
Process Plant footprint layouts and Civil works 
✓
Draft schedules for the plant construction 
✓
Draft schedule for the dewatering plant, water management and tailings 
deposition 
✓
Tender process and Requests for Quotes (RFQ) 
✓
NDAs signed with all vetted possible Original Equipment Supplies (OEM’s) 
✓
Long leading items identified completion 
✓
Project Execution Plan completion 
✓
Table 1: Provides a summary of the completed design and planning stages of the plant. 
On finalising the geotechnical assessment, the plant’s footprint was designed, enabling bulk 
earthworks and civil construction to commence once funding becomes available. The plant 
design incorporates a 2-meter loss allowance beneath the raft foundations. 
Eco Elementum Engineering (“ECOE”) was appointed on 1 July 2024, as the design consultants 
for the remining of the TSF and the design of a dewatering plant. The remining project is 
structured in phases, with the initial phase covering the Concept and Pre-Feasibility Study 
(“PFS”), followed by engineering/feed, procurement, dewatering detailed design and integration, 
and construction. 
The project began in July 2024, with dolomite studies and samples from the TSF processed by 
MAK Analytical Services to mimic the final tailings product. These samples were handed to 
suppliers of dry-stacking dewatering plants for testing and design purposes. 
ECOE was appointed to conduct a PFS on the underground deposition of tailings from the TGME 
process plant.  The solution involves using underground voids around the Beta Mine for tailings 


5 
storage, which will also allow for the permanent closure of the old, mined areas, enabling 
uninterrupted mining operations in other areas.  
The PFS aims to develop a cost-effective tailings disposal solution by utilizing these underground 
voids, with key objectives including: 
•
Providing adequate capacity for tailings storage.
•
Ensuring ongoing mining operations by managing tailings effectively.
•
Facilitating the environmental rehabilitation of old mined areas.
A backfill plant will be constructed on the surface, and a conveyor or wet transfer system may be 
implemented for efficient material handling. A dewatering step will be necessary to ensure 
tailings are prepared with the correct moisture content for backfilling. The environmental 
approval process for the backfill project is linked to the completion of the PFS. 
Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) 
Figure 6: TGME Environmental Sustainability Strategy 
An Ecological Compensation Programme - Implementation Agreement 
An Independent Environmental Scientist has been requested to provide us with a proposal to 
develop a guideline for the execution of the compensation programme that was developed in 
2022. This plan will include recommendations on the Implementation Agreement.  
Some key points to be addressed as part of the Ecological Program 
•
Integrated rehab plan for upper catchments and coordination capacity
•
On Nature Reserves, control dense Invasive Alien Plant Species (“IAPS”) and revegetate
•
Install and maintain fire breaks
•
Biocontrol development and release programs


6 
•
Erosion control measures
•
Measures to improve the hydrogeology of local catchment
Social and Labour Plan 
To mine in South Africa, companies must develop a Social and Labour Plan (“SLP”). This integrated 
process involves discussion with the community, local council, and the Department of Mines and 
Energy.   
The SLP focus on community needs and economic uplift for the host community. Table 2 below 
shows the work in progress.   
Task  
Due date  
Appointment of SLP Consultant 
✓
15 January – 31 January 2024  
TGME provides background information  
✓
29 January – 02 February 2024  
Kick-Off Meeting  
✓
05 February – 09 February 2024  
Final Socio-Economic Study 
✓
09 February 2024 
Consultant Document Review  
✓
07 February – 20 February 2024  
The consultant submits Legal Review 
✓
21 February 2024 
Workshop session 
✓
21 February 2024 
Compilation of Draft SLP document 
✓
22 February – 10 April 2024 
Preparation for SLP Consultations  
✓
22 February – 12 April 2024 
SLP Consultations 
✓
18 - 20 April 2024 
Project Priority Lists from Ward Councillors 
✓
06 May 2024 
Compilation of the Final SLP document 
✓
22 April – 31 August 2024  
TGME Review SLP  
✓
02 September – 30 November 2024  
Update of SLP based on TGME comments 
✓
2 – 6 December 2024  
Mine Manager review SLP 
✓
09 – 20 December 2024  
COO review SLP 
✓
07 – 10 January 2025 
Submit Final SLP to the Board for approval  
✓
14 - 28 January 2025  
Final approved SLP Document 
✓
03 February 2025  
Submit endorsement letters to the Municipality for signature 
✓
11 February 2025 
Present SLP during EIA phase if necessary 
08 May – 07 July 2025 
Submission of final EIA/EMPR Report, SLP and MWP to the DMRE  
17 July 2025 
Table 2:  Social and Labour Plan (SLP) 
Permitting 
Rietfontein Integrated Environmental Authorization 
TGME submitted an integrated EA application to the DMRE on 10 October 2023 to authorize the 
NEMA and NEMWA listed activities for the proposed Rietfontein project. 
The scoping report was submitted for public review to all registered I&APs on 12 October 2023. 
During the scoping phase public review period stakeholders were identified and scoping phase 
meetings were conducted to ensure that all stakeholders understood the proposed project and 
project related information. The scoping report was accepted by the DMRE on 4 April 2024 and 
TGME continued with the EIA phase of the project. 
As part of the EIA phase, the following detailed specialist studies were undertaken: 


7 
Figure 7: List of Rietfontein specialist studies 
Figure 8: Stakeholder Engagement Meetings – Rietfontein Scoping phase 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND FUNDING UPDATE 
Options Exercised 
Allotment of 30,000,000 shares upon conversion of options: 
The Company released to the ASX on 28 March 2025 a notice advising that long-term strategic 
investors had exercised 30,000,000 unlisted options to raise the company US$2.3 million. The 
Company issued 30,000,0002 new TGM Shares, at the issue price of $0.12 (12 cents) per share. 
Debt Funding Discussions Advance 
The Company continues to advance planning and discussions with debt providers to fund the 
CAPEX requirements to build the TGME gold plant.  
The Company is currently in discussions with several other international debt funding institutions 
with regard to providing part of the CAPEX funding requirements for the project, and is expected 
to be in a position to provide more details during the month of May. 
2 Refer to ASX release dated 28 March 2025, “Application for quotation of securities”. 


8 
Cash Position  
As of 31 March 2025, the Group had US $2.9 million in cash. 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rules 5.3.1 and 5.3.2, the Company provides the following 
summary of expenditures incurred during the Quarter: 
Mining exploration costs (including exploration labour) 
US     $ 513,498 
Mining Production and Development Costs (including trial mining) 
US      $   20,014 
Licence to Operate Costs 
US   
 $   16,261 
Total 
US 
 $ 549,773 
The Company’s Quarterly Appendix 5B reported US$73,000 in payments to related parties and 
their associates as noted in the Appendix 5B this payment was for directors' fees and consulting 
fees (including payments relating to current and prior quarters).  
Capital Structure 
The current capital structure of the Company at 31 March 2025 is as follows: 
Number 
Fully paid ordinary shares (ASX: TGM) 
 879,428,626 
Unlisted options and performance rights (see “Annexure C”) 
 103,054,394 
The estimated market capitalisation of TGM was A$123 million 3 (US$77m) as at 31 March 2025. 
This announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Directors. 
For more information, please visit  www.thetagoldmines.com or contact: 
Bill Guy, Chairman 
Theta Gold Mines Limited  
T: +61 2 8046 7584  
billg@thetagoldmines.com 
Theta Gold Mines' Interactive Investor Hub 
The Company encourages shareholders to please join the Theta Investor Hub which allows you to ask 
questions directly to the Company, view video’s and keep up to date on progress of the TGME Gold Project 
at http://investors.thetagoldmines.com.   
3 Calculated as 879,428,626 fully-paid ordinary shares on issue at the closing price of AU$0.14 cents per share as at 31 March 
2025 converted at the RBA exchange rate of AUD:USD of 0.628. 


9 
Webpage:   www.thetagoldmines.com  
   https://twitter.com/ThetaGoldMines  
 https://www.linkedin.com/company/thetagoldmines/ 
Competent Persons Statement 
MINERAL RESOURCES  
Mr. Uwe Engelmann confirms that he is the Competent Person for the TGM Mineral Resources as 
reported on TGM’s Mineral Resources which is extracted from TGM’s ASX announcement dated 8 April 
2021(Initial Maiden Underground Mining Reserve) available to view at www.asx.com.au and was 
prepared in accordance with the guidelines of the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting 
of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC Code, 2012). Mr. Engelmann has 
read and understood the requirements of the JORC Code (2012).  
Mr. Engelmann is a Competent Person as defined by the JORC Code, 2012, having more than five years’ 
experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit described in this report 
and to the activity for which he is accepting responsibility. Mr. Engelmann (BSc (Zoo. & Bot.), BSc Hons 
(Geol.), Pr.Sci.Nat. No. 400058/08, FGSSA), is a director of Minxcon (Pty) Ltd and a member of the South 
African Council for Natural Scientific Professions. Mr. Engelmann is a full-time employee of Minxcon 
(Pty Ltd and has reviewed this report and consents to the inclusion of the matters based on his 
supporting information in the form and context in which it appears.  
METALLURGICAL RESULTS 
Mr. Rogan Roulstone confirms that he is the Competent Person in terms of Mineral Resources and Ore 
Reserves (JORC Code, 2012). Mr. Roulstone has read and understood the requirements of the JORC 
Code (2012).  
Mr. Roulstone is a Competent Person as defined by the JORC Code, 2012, having more than five years’ 
experience that is relevant to gold extraction and in particular gold extraction from a refractory ore 
body. Mr Roulstone is a Chemical Engineering (NHD) that graduated in 1993 and is member of the 
SAIMM (705817). Mr Roulstone is the managing director of RM process and has over nine years’ 
experience on the TGME process plant design. 
The information in this announcement that relates to TGM’s Mineral Resources is extracted from TGM’s 
ASX announcement dated 8 April 2021 (Initial Maiden Underground Mining Reserve) available to view 
at www.asx.com.au and was prepared in accordance with the guidelines of the JORC Code (2012). TGM 
confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information 
included in the original market announcement and that all material assumptions and technical 
parameters underpinning the Mineral Resources estimates in the relevant market announcement 
continue to apply and have not materially changed other than as disclosed in TGM’s ASX announcement 
dated 25 October 2021 regarding the TGME Project Permitting Update. TGM confirms that the form 
and content in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified 
from the original market announcement. 


10 
ORE RESERVES  
The information in this report relating to Ore Reserves is based on, and fairly reflects, the information 
and supporting documentation compiled by Mr. Daniel van Heerden (B.Eng (Mining M.Com (Business 
Management), member of Engineering Council of South Africa (Pr.Eng. Reg. No. 20050318)), a director 
of Minxcon (Pty) Ltd and a fellow of the South African Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (FSAIMM Reg. 
No. 37309). 
Mr Van Heerden has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation under 
consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 
JORC Code (2012).  Mr van Heerden consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his 
information in the form and context in which it appears. 
The information in this announcement that relates to TGM’s Ore Reserves is extracted from TGM’s ASX 
announcement dated 8 April 2021 (Initial Maiden Underground Mining Reserve) available to view at 
www.asx.com.au and was prepared in accordance with the guidelines of the JORC Code (2012). TGM 
confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information 
included in the original market announcement and that all material assumptions and technical 
parameters underpinning the Ore Reserve estimates in the relevant market announcement continue 
to apply and have not materially changed other than as disclosed in TGM’s ASX announcement dated 
25 October 2021 regarding the TGME Project Permitting Update. TGM confirms that the form and 
content in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified 
from the original market announcement. 


11 
ABOUT THETA GOLD MINES LIMITED 
Theta Gold Mines Limited (ASX: TGM ) is a gold development company that holds a range of prospective 
gold assets in a world-renowned South African gold mining region. These assets include several surface 
and near-surface high-grade gold projects which provide cost advantages relative to other gold producers 
in the region.   
Theta Gold’s core project is located next to the historical gold mining town of Pilgrim’s Rest, in 
Mpumalanga Province, some 370km northeast of Johannesburg by road or 95km north of Nelspruit 
(Capital City of Mpumalanga Province).  
Following small scale production from 2011 – 2015, the Company is currently focussing on the construction 
and financing of a new gold processing plant within its approved footprint at the TGME plant.  The 
company has completed a FS in July 2022 for the first four mines Beta, CDM, Frankfort and Rietfontein 
(TGME Underground Project). The Base Case LOM plan will comprise a 12.9-year mining operation starting 
in 2023 and delivering production of 1.24 million ounces of contained gold.  
The estimated development capital or peak funding requirement is USD77 million (AUD102 million), with 
the Project forecast to generate a pre-tax NPV10% of USD324 million (AUD432 million) and pre-tax Internal 
Rate of Return (IRR) of 65% at the forecast gold price of averaging USD1,642/oz over the LOM. The 
Company aims to build a solid production platform to over next 5 years to 160kozpa based primarily 
around shallow, open-pit or adit-entry shallow underground hard rock mining sources. Theta Gold has 
access to over 43 historical mines and prospect areas that can be accessed and explored, with over 6.7Moz 
of historical production recorded. 
Theta Gold holds 100% issued capital of its South African subsidiary, Theta Gold SA (Pty) Ltd (“TGSA”). 
TGSA holds a 74% shareholding in both Transvaal Gold Mining Estates Limited (“TGME”) and Sabie Mines 
(Pty) Ltd (“Sabie Mines”). The balance of shareholding is held by Black Economic Empowerment (“BEE”) 
entities. The South African Mining Charter requires a minimum of 26% meaningful economic participation 
by the historically disadvantaged South Africans (“HDSAs”). The BEE shareholding in TGME and Sabie 
Mines is comprised of a combination of local community trusts, an employee trust and a strategic 
entrepreneurial partner. 


12 
DISCLAIMER 
This announcement has been prepared by and issued by Theta Gold Mines Limited to assist in informing 
interested parties about the Company and should not be considered as an offer or invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any securities in the Company or as an inducement to make an offer or invitation with respect to 
those securities. No agreement to subscribe for securities in the Company will be entered into on the basis of 
this announcement. 
This announcement may contain forward looking statements. Whilst Theta Gold has no reason to believe that 
any such statements and projections are either false, misleading or incorrect, it does not warrant or guarantee 
such statements. Nothing contained in this announcement constitutes investment, legal, tax or other advice. 
This overview of Theta Gold does not purport to be all inclusive or to contain all information which its recipients 
may require in order to make an informed assessment of the Company’s prospects. Before making an 
investment decision, you should consult your professional adviser, and perform your own analysis prior to 
making any investment decision. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company makes no 
representation and gives no assurance, guarantee or warranty, express or implied, as to, and take no 
responsibility and assume no liability for, the authenticity, validity, accuracy, suitability or completeness of, or 
any errors in or omissions, from any information, statement or opinion contained in this announcement. This 
announcement contains information, ideas and analysis which are proprietary to Theta Gold. 
FORWARD LOOKING AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS 
This announcement may refer to the intention of Theta Gold regarding estimates or future events which could 
be considered forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are typically preceded by words such 
as “Forecast”, “Planned”, “Expected”, “Intends”, “Potential”, “Conceptual”, “Believes”, “Anticipates”, 
“Predicted”, “Estimated” or similar expressions. Forward looking statements, opinions and estimates included 
in this announcement are based on assumptions and contingencies which are subject to change without notice, 
and may be influenced by such factors as funding availability, market-related forces (commodity prices, 
exchange rates, stock market indices and the like) and political or economic events (including government or 
community issues, global or systemic events). Forward looking statements are provided as a general reflection 
of the intention of the Company as at the date of release of the document, however are subject to change 
without notice, and at any time. Future events are subject to risks and uncertainties, and as such results, 
performance and achievements may in fact differ from those referred to in this announcement. Mining, by its 
nature, and related activities including mineral exploration, are subject to a large number of variables and risks, 
many of which cannot be adequately addressed, or be expected to be assessed, in this document. Work 
contained within or referenced in this report may contain incorrect statements, errors, miscalculations, 
omissions and other mistakes. For this reason, any conclusions, inferences, judgments, opinions, 
recommendations or other interpretations either contained in this announcement, or referencing this 
announcement, cannot be relied upon. There can be no assurance that future results or events will be 
consistent with any such opinions, forecasts or estimates. The Company believes it has a reasonable basis for 
making the forward looking statements contained in this document, with respect to any production targets, 
resource statements or financial estimates, however further work to define Mineral Resources or Reserves, 
technical studies including feasibilities, and related investigations are required prior to commencement of 
mining. No liability is accepted for any loss, cost or damage suffered or incurred by the reliance on the 
sufficiency or completeness of the information, opinions or beliefs contained in this announcement. 
The Feasibility Study referred to in this announcement is based on technical and economic assessments to 
support the estimation of Ore Reserves. There is no assurance that the intended development referred to will 
proceed as described, and will rely on access to future funding to implement. Theta Gold believes it has 
reasonable grounds the results of the Feasibility Study. At this stage there is no guarantee that funding will be 
available, and investors are to be aware of any potential dilution of existing issued capital. The production 
targets and forward looking statements referred to are based on information available to the Company at the 
time of release, and should not be solely relied upon by investors when making investment decisions. Theta 
Gold cautions that mining and exploration are high risk, and subject to change based on new information or 
interpretation, commodity prices or foreign exchange rates. Actual results may differ materially from the 
results or production targets contained in this release. Further evaluation is required prior to a decision to 
conduct mining being made. The estimated Mineral Resources quoted in this release have been prepared by 


 
13 
 
Competent Persons as required under the JORC Code (2012). Material assumptions and other important 
information are contained in this release. 
 
The Company confirms that all material assumptions underpinning the production target, or the forecast 
financial information derived from the production target continue to apply and have not materially changed 
from that released in the definitive Feasibility Study released to ASX on 27 July 2022. 
 
 


14 
ANNEXURE A 
Mineral Resource and Mining Reserves 
Combined Mineral Resource as at 1 February 2021 
Resource 
Classification 
Type of Operation 
Combined Mineral Resource 
Tonnage 
Gold Grade 
Gold Content 
Mt 
g/t 
Kg 
koz 
Measured 
Underground 
0.091 
5.37 
489 
15.7 
Open pit 
Tailings 
Total Measured 
0.091 
5.37 
489 
15.7 
Indicated 
Underground 
4.774 
6.21 
29 661 
953.7 
Open Pit 
8.109 
2.14 
17 364 
558.2 
Tailings 
5.244 
0.83 
4 373 
140.6 
Total Indicated 
18.128 
2.84 
51 398 
1,652.5 
Inferred 
Underground 
21.452 
5.22 
111 880 
3597.0 
Open pit 
4.907 
5.11 
25 057 
805.6 
Tailings 
0.023 
0.57 
13 
0.4 
Rock Dump 
0.885 
1.20 
1 059 
34.0 
Total Inferred 
27.267 
5.06 
138,009 
 4,437.0 
Grand Total 
45.485 
4.17 
189,896 
 6,105.2 
Notes: 
1.
Columns may not add up due to rounding.
2.
Gold price used for the cut-off calculations is USD1,500/oz.
3.
UG Mineral Resources are reported at a cut-off of 160 cm.g/t, open pit at 0.5 g/t and 0.35 g/t, tailings and rock dumps at 0.35
g/t.
4.
Fault losses of 5% for Measured and Indicated, 10% for Inferred Mineral Resources.
5.
Mineral Resources are stated as inclusive of Ore Reserves.
6.
Mineral Resources are reported as total Mineral Resources and are not attributed.
Mineral Resources for the TGM Tailings Dams as at 1 February 2021 
Mineral Resource 
Classification 
Surface Operation 
Reef 
Tonnage 
Gold 
Gold Content 
Mt 
g/t 
kg 
koz 
Indicated 
Glynn’s Lydenburg 
Tailings 
1.211 
0.80 
972 
31.3 
Blyde 1 
Tailings 
0.590 
0.73 
434 
14.0 
Blyde 2 
Tailings 
0.280 
0.83 
234 
7.5 
Blyde 3 
Tailings 
0.316 
0.87 
275 
8.8 
Blyde 4 
Tailings 
0.164 
0.72 
119 
3.8 
Blyde 5 
Tailings 
0.022 
0.61 
14 
0.4 
TGM Plant 
Tailings 
2.661 
0.87 
2,325 
74.8 
Total Indicated 
5.244 
0.83 
4,373 
140.6 
Mineral Resource 
Classification 
Surface Operation 
Reef 
Tonnage 
Gold 
Gold Content 
Mt 
g/t 
kg 
koz 
Inferred 
Blyde 3a 
Tailings 
0.023 
0.57 
13 
0.4 
Total Inferred 
0.023 
0.57 
13 
0.4 
Notes:- 
1.
Mineral Resource cut-off of 0.35 g/t applied.
2.
TGM Plant tailings: 10% discount applied for volume uncertainty.
3.
Gold price used for the cut-off calculations is USD1,500/oz.
4.
Mineral Resources are stated as inclusive of Ore Reserves.
5.
Mineral Resources are reported as total Mineral Resources and are not attributed.


15 
Mineral Resources for the TGM Rock Dumps as at 1 February 2021 
Mineral Resource 
Classification 
Surface Operation 
Reef 
Tonnage 
Gold 
Gold Content 
Mt 
g/t 
kg 
koz 
Inferred 
Vaalhoek 
Rock Dump 
0.121 
1.64 
199 
6.4 
Inferred 
South East (DGs) 
Rock Dump 
0.408 
0.93 
379 
12.2 
Inferred 
Peach Tree 
Rock Dump 
0.092 
1.23 
114 
3.7 
Inferred 
Ponieskrantz 
Rock Dump 
0.129 
1.63 
211 
6.8 
Inferred 
Dukes Clewer 
Rock Dump 
0.134 
1.16 
156 
5.0 
Total Inferred 
0.885 
1.20 
1,059 
34.0 
Notes:- 
1.
Mineral Resource cut-off of 0.35 g/t applied.
2.
Gold price used for the cut-off calculations is USD1,500/oz.
3.
Mineral Resources are stated as inclusive of Ore Reserves.
4.
Mineral Resources are reported as total Mineral Resources and are not attributed.
Combined Underground and Open Pit Ore Reserves as at 1 February 2021 
Operation 
Grade 
Tonnes 
Au Content 
g/t 
kt 
kg 
koz 
Beta 
6.51 
1,662 
10,822 
347.94 
Frankfort 
4.13 
319 
1,317 
42.33 
CDM 
2.31 
385 
889 
28.58 
Open Pit (MR83) 
2.74 
2,164 
4,996 
160.61 
Total 
3.98 
4,530 
18,023 
579.46 
Notes: 
1.
The information pertaining to the Ore Reserve estimation is detailed in the notes of the Ore Reserve tabulation for the 
individual operations.


16 
ANNEXURE B 
Mining Rights and Applications for Mining Rights 
Note 1: 
The period of grant of the mining right will be determined upon execution thereof. In the South African context, mining rights 
may be granted for up to 30 years and are renewable thereafter. 
MR No 
Description 
Farms 
Effective Date 
Expiry Date 
Remarks 
NORTHERN TENEMENTS (MR83, MR330, MR340, MR341, MR10167) 
MR 83 
Greater TGME 
Portions 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and the Remaining 
Extent of Frankfort 509KT, Krugers 
Hoop 527 KT, Portions 1, 2 and the 
Remaining Extent of Morgenzon 525 
KT, Peach Tree 544 KT, Portions 18, 42, 
43, 44 and Remaining Extent of 
Ponieskrans 543 KT and Portion 1 and 
the Remaining Extent of Van der 
Merwes Reef 526 KT 
16-Oct-13 
15-Oct-23 
Granted 
Renewal pending 
mining right, 
therefore still in 
force 
MR 330 
Beta Re-
Development & 
Grootfontein 
Cluster 
Portions 1, 2, 3 and the Remaining 
Extent of Grootfonteinberg 561 KT and 
Remaining Extent of Grootfontein 562 
KT 
Refer Note 1 
Refer Note 1 
Granted 
MR 340 
Hermansburg 
Portion of the Remaining Extent of 
Hermansburg 495 KT 
10-Jul-13 
09-July-23 
Granted 
Renewal pending 
mining right, 
therefore still in 
force 
MR 341 
PTD’s 
Portions 1 and 2 and a Portion of the 
Remainder Extent of Grootfontein 
562KT 
25-Sep-19 
16-Feb-22 
Renewal 
submitted  
MR 10167 
TGME 
Desire 563KT, RE and Ptn 1, 2, 3, 12, 14, 
15, 17, 18, 19, 20, 22 and 23 of 
Doornhoek 545KT, RE and Ptn 1, 2 and 
3 Rotunda Greek 510KT, Vaalhoek 
474KT, Buffelsfontein 452KT, RE and 
Ptn 1 of Willemsoord 476KT, 
Sacramento 492KT, Granite Hill 477KT, 
Blackhill 528KT, Manx 475KT, Klondyke 
493KT, Hermansburg 495KT  
Refer Note 1 
Refer Note 1 
Consolidation of 
Prospecting 
Rights 10255PR, 
10404PR, 
10254PR 
Granted 
SOUTHERN TENEMENTS (MR198, MR358, MR433, MR10161) 
MR198 
Elandsdrift 
Heap Leach Pad 
Portions 1 and 2 of Elandsdrift 220 JT 
18-Mar-08 
17-Mar-09 
Renewal 
submitted 
MR 358 
Rietfontein 
Portion of the Remaining Extent and 
Portion 2 and 3 of the farm Spitskop 
195 JT, Portion of Portion 16 of 
Waterval 168 JT and Portion of the 
Remaining Extent of Maliveld Vallei 192 
JT 
05-Jun-13 
04-Jun-28 
Amendment 
application 
pending to 
incorporate 
portions of 
Portions 1, 4 and 
6 of the farm 
Rietfontein 193 JT 
MR 433 
Glynn's 
Lydenburg 
Portion 5 of Grootfontein 196 JT and 
Remaining Extent of Olifantsgeraamte 
198 JT 
12-Nov-13 
11-Nov-23 
Granted 
Renewal pending 
mining right, 
therefore still in 
force 


17 
ANNEXURE C 
Unlisted Options, Performance Rights and Bonds 
Number  
Performance Hurdle/Vesting Date 
(if applicable) 
Exercise 
Price 
Expiry Date 
OPTIONS 
1,200,000 
NA 
$0.40 
30 Sept 
2025 
240,000 
NA 
$0.50 
30 Sept 
2025 
800,000 
NA 
$0.12 
30 Sept 
2025 
600,000 
NA 
$0.12 
30 Sept 
2027 
900,000 
NA 
$0.17 
30 Sept 
2027 
9,150,000 
NA 
$0.12 
30 Sept 
2025 
2,650,000 
NA 
$0.17 
30 Sept 
2027 
300,000 
NA 
$0.25 
20 Sept 
2027 
34,568,769 
Exercise price an 8% discount to the 15 Day VWAP (no less 
than $0.13)  
$0.13 
17 Sep 
2026 
11,237,568 
Exercise price an 8% discount to the 15 Day VWAP (no less 
than $0.13) 
$0.13 
2 Oct 
2026 
23,138,057 
Exercise price an 8% discount to the 15 Day VWAP (no less 
than $0.13) 
$0.13 
31 Oct 
2026 
84,784,394 
TOTAL OPTIONS 
PERFORMANCE RIGHTS 
240,000 
12 months production (ounces) on schedule as per Theta 
Project Optimised Feasibility Study or from underground mine 
production, or the combination thereof, at AISC of US$855/oz 
(+/- 10%) 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 
 
240,000 
Achieving annualised production of over 100,000 ounces 
of gold per annum over a consecutive period of 3 
months. 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 
240,000 
Achieving annualised production of over 100,000 ounces 
of gold per annum over a consecutive period of 3 
months. 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 
2,750,000 
Decision to Mine 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 
5,250,000 
Production Commencement 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 
700,000 
3 months production (ounces) on schedule as per Theta Project 
Optimised Feasibility Study or from underground mine 
production, or the combination thereof, at AISC of US$855/oz 
(+/- 10%) 
12 months production (ounces) on schedule as per Theta 
Project Optimised Feasibility Study or from underground mine 
production, or the combination thereof, at AISC of US$855/oz 
(+/- 10%) 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 


 
18 
 
700,000 
12 months production (ounces) on schedule as per Theta 
Project Optimised Feasibility Study or from underground mine 
production, or the combination thereof, at AISC of US$855/oz 
(+/- 10%) 
 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2027 
1,700,000 
Consecutive 3 months >50k annualised ounces 
 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2025 
2,650,000 
Consecutive 3 months >100k annualised ounces 
 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2027 
3,800,000 
Consecutive 3 months >150k annualised ounces 
 
Nil 
30 Sep 
2027 
18,270,000 
TOTAL PERFORMANCE RIGHTS/OPTIONS 
 
 
103,054,394 
TOTAL OPTIONS, PERFORMANCE RIGHTS/OPTIONS AND 
BOND NOTE 
 
 
 
 
 
 


Rule 5.5 
ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5B (17/07/20) 
Page 1 
+ See chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules for defined terms. 
Appendix 5B 
Mining exploration entity or oil and gas exploration entity 
quarterly cash flow report 
Name of entity 
THETA GOLD MINES LIMITED 
ABN 
 
Quarter ended (“current quarter”) 
30 131 758 177 
 
31 March 2025 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Current quarter 
$US’000 
Year to date 
(9 months) 
$US’000 
1. 
Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 
1.1 
Receipts from customers 
 
 
1.2 
Payments for 
 
 
 
(a) exploration & evaluation 
(100) 
(501) 
 
(a) development 
- 
- 
 
(b) production 
- 
- 
 
(c) staff costs 
(216) 
(895) 
 
(d) administration and corporate costs 
400 
(455) 
1.3 
Dividends received (see note 3) 
- 
- 
1.4 
Interest received 
22 
72 
1.5 
Interest and other costs of finance paid 
(76) 
(103) 
1.6 
Income taxes paid 
- 
- 
1.7 
Government grants and tax incentives 
- 
- 
1.8 
Other (provide details if material) 
- 
- 
1.9 
Net cash from / (used in) operating 
activities 
30 
 
(1,882) 
 
2. 
Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 
2.1 
Payments to acquire or for: 
 
 
 
(a) entities 
- 
- 
 
(a) tenements 
- 
- 
 
(b) property, plant and equipment 
(70) 
(158) 
 
(c) exploration & evaluation  
(68) 
(1,574) 
 
(d) investments 
- 
- 
 
(e) other – environmental rehabilitation 
bond 
(22) 
(43) 


Appendix 5B 
Mining exploration entity or oil and gas exploration entity quarterly cash flow report 
 
ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5B (17/07/20) 
Page 2 
+ See chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules for defined terms. 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Current quarter 
$US’000 
Year to date 
(9 months) 
$US’000 
2.2 
Proceeds from the disposal of: 
 
 
 
entities 
 
 
 
(a) tenements 
- 
- 
 
(b) property, plant and equipment 
- 
- 
 
(c) investments 
- 
- 
 
(d) other non-current assets 
- 
- 
2.3 
Cash flows from loans to other entities  
- 
- 
2.4 
Dividends received (see note 3) 
- 
- 
2.5 
Other (provide details if material) 
- 
- 
2.6 
Net cash from / (used in) investing 
activities 
(160) 
(1,775) 
 
3. 
Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 
3.1 
Proceeds from issues of equity securities 
(excluding convertible debt securities) 
1,646 
8,479 
3.2 
Proceeds from issue of convertible debt 
securities 
- 
- 
3.3 
Proceeds from exercise of options 
- 
- 
3.4 
Transaction costs related to issues of 
equity securities or convertible debt 
securities 
- 
- 
3.5 
Proceeds from borrowings 
1 
63 
3.6 
Repayment of borrowings 
- 
- 
3.7 
Transaction costs related to loans and 
borrowings 
77 
(4,452) 
3.8 
Dividends paid 
- 
- 
3.9 
Other (provide details if material) 
- 
- 
3.10 
Net cash from / (used in) financing 
activities 
1,724 
4,090 
 
 
4. 
Net increase / (decrease) in cash 
and cash equivalents for the period 
 
 
4.1 
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of 
period 
1,384 
2,545 
4.2 
Net cash from / (used in) operating 
activities (item 1.9 above) 
30 
(1,882) 
4.3 
Net cash from / (used in) investing 
activities (item 2.6 above) 
(160) 
(1,775) 
4.4 
Net cash from / (used in) financing 
activities (item 3.10 above) 
1,724 
4,090 


Appendix 5B 
Mining exploration entity or oil and gas exploration entity quarterly cash flow report 
 
ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5B (17/07/20) 
Page 3 
+ See chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules for defined terms. 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Current quarter 
$US’000 
Year to date 
(9 months) 
$US’000 
4.5 
Effect of movement in exchange rates on 
cash held 
- 
- 
4.6 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of 
period 
2,978 
2,978 
 
5. 
Reconciliation of cash and cash 
equivalents 
at the end of the quarter (as shown in the 
consolidated statement of cash flows) to the 
related items in the accounts 
Current quarter 
$US’000 
Previous quarter 
$US’000 
5.1 
Bank balances 
2,978 
1,384 
5.2 
Call deposits 
- 
- 
5.3 
Bank overdrafts 
- 
- 
5.4 
Other (provide details) 
- 
- 
5.5 
Cash and cash equivalents at end of 
quarter (should equal item 4.6 above) 
2,978 
1,384 
 
6. 
Payments to related parties of the entity and their 
associates 
Current quarter 
$US'000 
6.1 
Aggregate amount of payments to related parties and their 
associates included in item 1 
73 
6.2 
Aggregate amount of payments to related parties and their 
associates included in item 2 
- 
Note: if any amounts are shown in items 6.1 or 6.2, your quarterly activity report must include a description of, and an 
explanation for, such payments. 
 


Appendix 5B 
Mining exploration entity or oil and gas exploration entity quarterly cash flow report 
 
ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5B (17/07/20) 
Page 4 
+ See chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules for defined terms. 
7. 
Financing facilities 
Note: the term “facility’ includes all forms of financing 
arrangements available to the entity. 
Add notes as necessary for an understanding of the 
sources of finance available to the entity. 
Total facility 
amount at quarter 
end 
$US’000 
Amount drawn at 
quarter end 
$US’000 
7.1 
Loan facilities 
5,464 
5,464 
7.2 
Credit standby arrangements 
- 
- 
7.3 
Other (please specify) 
2,110 
- 
7.4 
Total financing facilities 
7,574 
5,464 
 
 
 
7.5 
Unused financing facilities available at quarter end 
2,110 
7.6 
Include in the box below a description of each facility above, including the lender, interest 
rate, maturity date and whether it is secured or unsecured. If any additional financing 
facilities have been entered into or are proposed to be entered into after quarter end, 
include a note providing details of those facilities as well. 
Finance Facilities: 
• 
On 25 March 2021 the Company announced a At-the-Market Subscription Deed with 
Acuity Capital for standby equity capital facility whereby 24,000,000 TGM shares 
were issued to Acuity Capital with a total available facility of A$15,000,000 
(US$9,958,500). On 31 July 2023, this facility was extended for a further 3 years to 
31 July 2026 for no cost or penalty to the Company. The value of this available facility 
at 31 March 2025 is US$2,110,080 (A$3,360,000) at closing share price of TGM 
Shares on 31 March 2025. No drawdowns have been made to date. Converted at the 
exchange rate of 0.628 AUD:USD at 31 March 2025. 
 
 
 
8. 
Estimated cash available for future operating activities 
$US’000 
8.1 
Net cash from / (used in) operating activities (item 1.9) 
30 
8.2 
(Payments for exploration & evaluation classified as investing 
activities) (item 2.1(c)) 
(207) 
8.3 
Total relevant outgoings (item 8.1 + item 8.2) 
(177) 
8.4 
Cash and cash equivalents at quarter end (item 4.6) 
2,978 
8.5 
Unused finance facilities available at quarter end (item 7.5) 
2,100 
8.6 
Total available funding (item 8.4 + item 8.5) 
5,078 
 
 
 
8.7 
Estimated quarters of funding available (item 8.6 divided by 
item 8.3) 
28.7 
Note: if the entity has reported positive relevant outgoings (ie a net cash inflow) in item 8.3, answer item 8.7 as “N/A”. 
Otherwise, a figure for the estimated quarters of funding available must be included in item 8.7. 
8.8 
If item 8.7 is less than 2 quarters, please provide answers to the following questions: 
 
8.8.1 
Does the entity expect that it will continue to have the current level of net operating 
cash flows for the time being and, if not, why not? 
 
Answer: Yes 


Appendix 5B 
Mining exploration entity or oil and gas exploration entity quarterly cash flow report 
ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5B (17/07/20) 
Page 5 
+ See chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules for defined terms. 
8.8.2 
Has the entity taken any steps, or does it propose to take any steps, to raise further 
cash to fund its operations and, if so, what are those steps and how likely does it 
believe that they will be successful? 
Answer: 
As announced on 11 June 20241, the Company had received firm commitments of up to 
US$10 million, (A$15.2 million) via a two-tranche Equity Funding Placement to institutional 
investor, Hong Kong Ruihua Investment Management Limited and its associated companies 
including Hong Kong Ruihua Green Development Limited, (together ‘Ruihua’). Tranche 1 of 
the Placement, for up to US$6 million, (A$8.99 million) was announced as completed on 16 
September 20242.  
Tranche 2 of the Placement provides for an amount up to US$4 million, (A$6.08 million) in 
funding and is expected to be completed following satisfaction of certain terms and 
conditions which is expected within Quarter 2 of 2025.
In addition, as noted above and (as per ASX Release dated 25 March 2021), the Company 
had entered into an At-The-Market Subscription Deed (“ATM”) with Acuity Capital. This facility 
was extended for a further 3 years to 31 July 2026 on 31 July 2023. The ATM provides the 
Company the opportunity to draw-down up to A$3,360,000 million (US$2,110,000) at 31 
March 2025 market price of TGM Shares out of a total A$15,000,000 (US$9,798,000) standby 
equity capital facility, with the expiry of the ATM now extended to 31 July 2026. (Note: 
converted using a 31 March 2025 exchange rate of 0.628 for AUD:USD). 
8.8.3 
Does the entity expect to be able to continue its operations and to meet its business 
objectives and, if so, on what basis? 
Answer: Yes. 
The Company has completed and released a definitive Feasibility Study (FS) to the ASX on 
27 July 20223 with an NPV10%, US$324 million (A$432 million4) and an initial Life-of-Mine 
(LOM) of 12.9 years from 1.08 Moz of recovered gold. The FS used an average gold price of 
US$1,642, (A$2,189) with an AISC of US$834/Oz. 
The group’s large tenement holding in South Africa is potentially very prospective and remains 
largely unexplored using modern technology. The Theta Project, potential underground mines 
development and the prospective tenement holding should underpin the company’s ability to 
raise funds for its business needs. 
Furthermore, in addition to description in 8.8.2 above, the company are currently in 
negotiation with numerous financiers on project financing terms, with term sheets been 
exchanged and discussions in progress.  
Note: where item 8.7 is less than 2 quarters, all of questions 8.8.1, 8.8.2 and 8.8.3 above must be answered.
1 Refer to ASX release dated 11 June 2024 titled, “Equity Funding Placement Update”. 
2 Refer to ASX release date 16 September 2024 titled, “US$8 million Private Placement and Full Redemption of AU$6 
million Secured Bonds”. 
3 Refer to ASX release dated 27 July 2022, titled “Theta’s TGME Project DFS Study Confirms NPV10% of A$432 Million 
at US$1,642/Oz Gold Price”. 
4 USD to AUD converted at an exchange rate of 1.333. 


Appendix 5B 
Mining exploration entity or oil and gas exploration entity quarterly cash flow report 
 
ASX Listing Rules Appendix 5B (17/07/20) 
Page 6 
+ See chapter 19 of the ASX Listing Rules for defined terms. 
Compliance statement 
1 
This statement has been prepared in accordance with accounting standards and policies which 
comply with Listing Rule 19.11A. 
2 
This statement gives a true and fair view of the matters disclosed. 
 
 
 
 
30 April 2025 
Date: 
................................................................................... 
 
 
 
 
Board of Directors 
Authorised by: ................................................................................... 
(Name of body or officer authorising release – see note 4) 
 
Notes 
1. 
This quarterly cash flow report and the accompanying activity report provide a basis for informing the market about the 
entity’s activities for the past quarter, how they have been financed and the effect this has had on its cash position. An 
entity that wishes to disclose additional information over and above the minimum required under the Listing Rules is 
encouraged to do so. 
2. 
If this quarterly cash flow report has been prepared in accordance with Australian Accounting Standards, the definitions 
in, and provisions of, AASB 6: Exploration for and Evaluation of Mineral Resources and AASB 107: Statement of Cash 
Flows apply to this report. If this quarterly cash flow report has been prepared in accordance with other accounting 
standards agreed by ASX pursuant to Listing Rule 19.11A, the corresponding equivalent standards apply to this report. 
3. 
Dividends received may be classified either as cash flows from operating activities or cash flows from investing activities, 
depending on the accounting policy of the entity. 
4. 
If this report has been authorised for release to the market by your board of directors, you can insert here: “By the board”. 
If it has been authorised for release to the market by a committee of your board of directors, you can insert here: “By the 
[name of board committee – eg Audit and Risk Committee]”. If it has been authorised for release to the market by a 
disclosure committee, you can insert here: “By the Disclosure Committee”. 
5. 
If this report has been authorised for release to the market by your board of directors and you wish to hold yourself out as 
complying with recommendation 4.2 of the ASX Corporate Governance Council’s Corporate Governance Principles and 
Recommendations, the board should have received a declaration from its CEO and CFO that, in their opinion, the financial 
records of the entity have been properly maintained, that this report complies with the appropriate accounting standards 
and gives a true and fair view of the cash flows of the entity, and that their opinion has been formed on the basis of a 
sound system of risk management and internal control which is operating effectively.
