# PDF Dump: ASX: RXL

- exchange: asx
- source_url: https://announcements.asx.com.au/asxpdf/20250708/pdf/06lkt0rnsh72sy.pdf
- pdf_url: https://announcements.asx.com.au/asxpdf/20250708/pdf/06lkt0rnsh72sy.pdf
- domain: announcements.asx.com.au
- published_at: 2025-07-08
- score: 10.200000000000001
- selection_bucket: non_price_sensitive
- discovery_tier: 4
- discovery_method: tier4_existing_perplexity
- price_sensitive_marker: False
- price_sensitive_confidence: 0.950
- price_sensitive_reason_codes: no_strong_signal
- ii_price_sensitive_marker: False
- ii_key_points_count: 0
- downloaded_at_utc: 2026-02-18T07:58:28.299880+00:00
- page_count: 0
- decoded_chars: 43671
- content_type: application/pdf

---

## Price Sensitivity Layers

```json
{
  "explicit": {
    "hit": false,
    "signals": []
  },
  "form": {
    "form": "",
    "weight": 0.0
  },
  "keyword": {
    "positive_hits": [],
    "negative_hits": []
  },
  "model": {
    "applied": false,
    "model": "",
    "is_price_sensitive": null,
    "confidence": 0.0,
    "reason_codes": [],
    "brief_reason": ""
  }
}
```

## Full Decoded Text

ASX: RXL 
ASX Announcement 
8 July 2025 
 
Development Update for Youanmi 
Dewatering, drilling, and DFS works advancing 
WA gold exploration and development company Rox Resources Limited (“Rox” or “the Company”) (ASX: RXL) is 
pleased to provide an update on the development of the Youanmi Gold Project in Western Australia. 
Highlights: 
• Dewatering activities progressing ahead of schedule at both the Youanmi Main and United North pits 
• Debt process underway, with strong interest and attractive terms for project financing indicated 
• Further high-grade results delivered from Prospect, Pollard and Youanmi North, including1: 
◦ Youanmi Main 
• RXDD216: 4.81m @ 8.97g/t from 492.7m 
• RXDD216: 5.73m @ 4.69g/t from 421.1m  
• RXDD216: 2.01m @ 4.99g/t from 552.0m  
• RXDD210: 8.53m @ 0.93g/t from 434.9m  
• RXDD208: 0.96m @ 7.84g/t from 472.7m  
• RXDD216: 2.20m @ 3.20g/t from 537.8m  
◦ Prospect  
• RXDD215: 6.35m @ 14.43g/t from 205.7m  
• RXDD215: 4.50m @ 7.94g/t from 82.8m  
◦ Pollard 
• RXDD209: 2.95m @ 8.91g/t from 232.3m 
• All major workstreams for Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS) awarded and metallurgical test work 
advancing 
• Early works underway with camp expansion contract issued and key management appointments 
finalised, building the leadership team required for transition to development 
Managing Director & CEO Mr Phill Wilding commented: 
“There has been a flurry of activity at our flagship Youanmi Gold Project in recent weeks, from significant progress in 
dewatering, awarding of all contracts for the DFS, and ongoing positive results from metallurgical test work.   
“As a development team, witnessing the physical process of dewatering generates excitement, with the consistent 
drop in water level representative of the encouraging progress of our development plan for this project.   
“Alongside this activity has been ongoing drilling of near mine and regional targets and the delivery of exceptional 
high-grade results. We have also been completing the required sterilisation drilling for the proposed tailings dam, 
along with geotechnical holes for the underground mine.  
“Over recent weeks, we have also expanded our team after appointing key management roles to commence 
underground operations. Excitingly for our on-site team, we have also awarded the contract for the Phase 1 camp 
expansion, building on the fantastic facilities we already have in place. 
 
1 Refer to Appendix 1 for details. 
For personal use only


 
Page 2
 
“From a financing perspective, we have received strong interest from Australian and international banks and 
financiers in funding Youanmi, including attractive commercial terms. This presents immense potential value for our 
shareholders, and also reaffirms our belief that Youanmi is a gold project of considerable significance. 
“We are entering an exciting era for Rox as we advance along our clear pathway to production, and as we realise our 
vision to become one of the highest-grade new gold producers of scale in Western Australia.” 
Dewatering update 
Dewatering of Youanmi Main Pit and the United North Pit have both been advancing well in recent weeks, with further 
works to accelerate the process to commence this month. 
At United North, pumping has continued at the planned rate of +40 litres per second (l/sec), discharging to the 
Kathleen pit (see Figure 1). 
This is still on track to be dewatered by late Q3 CY2025, with the planned exploration decline to commence in early 
Q4 CY2025. Pit wall conditions currently look favourable with a geotechnical review to commence shortly. 
At Youanmi Main, pumping has continued at the planned rate of +100 l/sec discharging to the evaporation ponds. 
Once these are at capacity, water will be discharged to the Kathleen and Rebel pits.  
The Main Pit is expected to be dewatered to a suitable level by late Q4 CY2025/early Q1 CY2026, with the planned 
Pollard exploration decline from the Main Pit to commence in Q1 CY2026.  
 
Figure 1 – Map of the Youanmi Gold Project. 
 
For personal use only


 
Page 3
 
 
 
 
Figure 3 – Youanmi Main pit pump showing a ~3m reduction in water level 
 
Figure 2 – United North pit showing planned decline location and dewatering progress. 
Initial Water Level 
~12m 
Planned Decline 
For personal use only


 
Page 4
 
Project debt financing:  
Following the achievement of several milestones, including commencement of de-watering and the appointment of 
BurnVoir Corporate Finance as financial advisor, Rox commenced a competitive financing process to secure an 
attractive debt financing package, aimed at maximising shareholder returns and limiting shareholder dilution.   
The Company has received numerous credit-endorsed expressions of interest for the proposed debt financing, from 
leading Australian and global mining banks and seasoned mining financiers, with the level of debt funding interest 
substantially exceeding the Youanmi Gold Project’s projected capital costs.  
Whilst responses remain non-binding and contingent upon satisfactory due diligence and approvals, Rox is pleased 
with the strong level of support and appetite from financiers to provide the targeted debt financing on attractive 
commercial terms.  
The Company intends to appoint key technical, environmental and legal due diligence providers over the coming 
quarter prior to completion of the DFS, to progress the debt financing workstream. This early and strong engagement 
with potential financiers further de-risks delivery of the Youanmi Gold Project, supporting the accelerated pathway 
to gold production. 
Rox’s proposed project funding strategy is based on the compelling positive outcomes of the Pre-Feasibility Study 
completed in July 2024. The debt financing strategy is anticipated to coincide with completion of the DFS, due for 
release in Q4 2025, enabling a Final Investment Decision shortly thereafter. 
Recent drilling results:  
Youanmi Main 
Assay results from Youanmi Main confirm the repeatability of high-grade shoots beneath the northern section of the 
Youanmi Main lode (Figures 4, 5 & 6). 
Significant results include: 
• RXDD216: 5.73m @ 4.69g/t from 421.1m  
◦ incl: RXDD216: 2.18m @ 11.36g/t from 421.1m  
• RXDD216: 4.81m @ 8.97g/t from 492.7m  
◦ incl: RXDD216: 1.35m @ 12.25g/t from 492.7m  
◦ incl: RXDD216: 1.16m @ 22.60g/t from 496.3m  
• RXDD216: 2.20m @ 3.20g/t from 537.8m  
• RXDD216: 2.01m @ 4.99g/t from 552.0m  
• RXDD210: 8.53m @ 0.93g/t from 434.9m  
◦ incl: RXDD210: 0.69m @ 4.10g/t from 437.7m  
• RXDD208: 0.96m @ 7.84g/t from 472.7m  
Drillhole RXDD216 extends mineralisation beneath the current resource and confirms the continuity of higher, 
hanging wall lodes. RXDD216 is both the deepest hole of the 2025 program and the deepest drill hole in this section 
of the resource, proving that mineralisation continues beneath the current resource and is open at depth.  
RXDD208 confirms continuity of high-grade shoots north of the current resource extending into a previously under-
drilled area between Youanmi Main and United North deposits (Figures 4, 5 & 6). RXDD208 aligns with high-grade 
intercepts and down-plunge extensions of the Youanmi Main lode immediately south. 
 
 
For personal use only


 
Page 5
 
Prospect  
Assay results reported at Prospect (Figures 4, 5 & 6) reflect hanging wall mineralisation above the main Prospect lode 
and subparallel to the main Prospect shear.  
Significant results include: 
• RXDD215: 4.50m @ 7.94g/t from 82.8m  
◦ incl: RXDD215: 0.88m @ 39.10g/t from 82.8m  
• RXDD215: 6.35m @ 14.43g/t from 205.7m  
◦ incl: RXDD215: 1.47m @ 51.80g/t from 210.0m  
Pollard 
Assay results reported in drill hole RXDD209 show mineralisation in the northern, lower section of the Pollard 
resource (Figures 4, 5 & 6). RXDD209 is a redrill of RXDD168 which finished prematurely in a mining stope void at 
Pollard.  
Significant results include: 
• RXDD209: 2.95m @ 8.91g/t from 232.3m  
◦ incl: RXDD209: 0.47m @ 55.00g/t from 232.3m  
Geotechnical Work 
Three geotechnical diamond drill holes RXDD211, 214 & 214 were completed in the planned proximity of the Pollard 
and United North underground decline development (Figure 6).  
Rock mass and structural logging of these holes has been completed and will feed into the geotechnical model for 
the Youanmi DFS.  
In addition, acoustic televiewer surveys were completed on a series of diamond drillholes in the proximity of the 
planned mine development from the recently drilled step-up campaign.  
 
 
For personal use only


 
Page 6
 
 
Figure 4: Plan view featuring focus areas of the step-up drill campaign and Prospect shaft, overlain on the 2024 MRE outline 
(red polygons) and exploration growth areas. Note - Midway, Interceptor and Paddy’s are projected surface expressions. 
For personal use only


 
Page 7
 
 
Figure 5: Long section featuring; (i) recent drill hole pierce points, (ii) 2024 PFS stope shapes, (iii) existing development, and (iv) significant intercepts received in June 2025.  
For personal use only


 
Page 8
 
 
Figure 6: Long section featuring; (i) recent Step-up drill campaign drill hole pierce points, (ii) 2024 PFS stope shapes, (iii) existing development, and (iv) significant intercepts from the 
2025 Step-up campaign.
For personal use only


 
 
Page 9
 
Metallurgical test work  
The metallurgical test work campaign is progressing on schedule and has continued to reaffirm that plant 
performance is expected to be in line with previous estimates.  
Benchmark Albion ProcessTM leach test work is complete with results in-line with previous test work. SignaturePlotTM 
test work, designed to calculate the relationship between grinding energy and grind size, is also complete, with 
current test work focussing on grind sensitivity and grind size selection.  
Following this, optimisation test work on sulphur oxidation will begin to determine the most appropriate level of 
oxidation required. 
Pathway to production:  
The Company’s indicative pathway to production (Figure 7) remains on track: 
• Dewatering commenced 
• Drilling completed on time and within budget (total 46,000m), with extensional and exploration drilling ongoing 
• Mineral Resource Estimate update underway, expected July 2025 (this month) 
• Works for major DFS work streams underway by the following consultants: 
◦ Processing plant design – Maca Interquip Mintrex 
◦ Metallurgical Consulting – MineScope Services 
◦ Metallurgical test work (Albion ProcessTM) Glencore Technology & Core Resources 
◦ Geotechnical – MineGeoTech 
◦ Hydrology and hydrogeology – AQ2 
◦ Tailings dam design – TailCon Projects 
• Early works streams underway, including: 
◦ Key management positions of Underground Mine Manager and OHS Manager filled 
◦ Contract awarded for Phase 1 camp expansion  
◦ Preferred Owners Team identification underway 
◦ Tender issued for underground mining contract for initial exploration decline works 
Next steps: 
• 
Delivery of MRE update for mine design and planning inputs to the DFS anticipated this month 
• 
Continue drilling near-mine and regional targets 
• 
Continue metallurgical test work for Albion ProcessTM 
• 
Continue dewatering activities 
• 
Continue permitting process including Mining Proposals and Mine Closure Plans 
• 
Continue working with debt advisors to progress project financing 
• 
Environmental approvals and design work for various activities to continue 
• 
Tender process for site infrastructure and mining contract 
• 
Appointment of Owners Team 
• 
Tender and award underground mining contract for initial works 
For personal use only


 
 
Page 10
 
 
Figure 7 – Pathway to production timeline  
 
For personal use only


 
 
Page 11
 
Authorisation 
This announcement is authorised for release by the Board of Rox Resources Limited. 
 
--- Ends --- 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Investor enquiries 
Phillip Wilding 
Managing Director & CEO 
Rox Resources Limited 
admin@roxresources.com.au  
+61 8 9226 0044 
Rox Resources Limited 
ABN 53 107 202 602 
Level 2, 87 Colin Street, West Perth WA 6005  
www.roxresources.com.au  
Media enquiries 
Emily Evans 
Media and Content Manager 
SPOKE 
emily@hellospoke.com.au  
+61 401 337 959 
 
 
 
For personal use only


 
 
Page 12
 
About Rox Resources 
Rox Resources (ASX: RXL) is a West Australian focused gold exploration and development company. It is the 100 per cent owner of the historic 
Youanmi Gold Project near Mt Magnet, approximately 480 kilometres northeast of Perth.  
The Company’s focus is on the development of the high-grade, high-margin Youanmi Gold Project that hosts a global mineral resource of 16.2Mt 
at 4.4g/t for 2.3Moz of gold. With a clear strategic and execution plan to production, Rox Resources offers significant value to its investors. 
Competent Persons Statement 
Exploration Results 
The information in this release that relates to Data and Exploration Results is based on information compiled and reviewed by Andrew Shaw-Stuart 
a Competent Person who is a Fellow Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG), Exploration Manager at Rox Resources and holds 
performance rights in the Company. The aforementioned has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of 
target/deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of 
the Australian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr Shaw-Stuart consents to the inclusion in the 
release of the matters based on the information in the form and context in which it appears. 
Where reference is made to previous releases of exploration results in this announcement, the Company confirms that it is not aware of any new 
information or data that materially affects the information included in those announcements and all material assumptions and technical 
parameters underpinning the exploration results included in those announcements continue to apply and have not materially changed. 
The information in this report that relates to previous Exploration Results was prepared and first disclosed under the JORC Code 2012 and has 
been properly and extensively cross-referenced in the text to the date of the original announcement to the ASX.  
Resource Statements 
The statement of estimates of Mineral Resources for the Youanmi Gold Project was reported by Rox in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 5.8 and 
the JORC Code (2012 edition) in the announcement “MRE Update confirms Youanmi as Significant High-Grade Gold Project and Paves Way for 
PFS” released to the ASX on 30 January 2024, and for which the consent of the Competent Person Mr Steve Le Brun was obtained. A copy of that 
announcement is available at www.asx.com.au. Rox confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the Mineral 
Resources estimates information included in that market announcement and that all material assumptions and technical parameters 
underpinning the Mineral Resources estimates in that announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Rox confirms that the 
form and context in which the Competent Person's findings are presented have not been materially modified from that market announcement. 
Production Target 
The Production Target and forecast financial information derived from the Production Target referred to in this release are underpinned by 
Indicated Mineral Resources (approximately 71%) and Inferred Mineral Resources (approximately 29%). The total Life of Mine Production Target 
includes 29% Inferred Resources ounces, 7% Indicated Resource ounces outside of Reserve and the remaining 64% is underpinned by Probable 
Ore Reserves. There is a low level of geological confidence associated with Inferred Mineral Resources and there is no certainty that further 
exploration work will result in the determination of Indicated Mineral Resources or that the Production Target or forecast financial information 
reported will be realised.  Accordingly, the Company has scheduled the Production Target such that Inferred Mineral Resources do not feature as 
a significant proportion of the first 4 years of the 9-year mine plan. Approximately 19% of the Production Target material mined over the first 4 years 
is underpinned by Inferred Mineral Resources. The Company is satisfied that the Inferred Mineral Resources partially underpinning the Production 
Target is not the determining factor of the viability of the Youanmi Gold Project. 
Pre-Feasibility Study 
The information in this announcement that relates to the production target for the Youanmi Gold Project was reported by Rox in accordance with 
ASX Listing Rules and the JORC Code (2012 edition) in the announcement “Youanmi Gold Project - Positive Pre-Feasibility Study” released to the 
ASX on 24 July 2024, and for which the consent of the Competent Person Mr Daniel Marchesi was obtained. A copy of that announcement is 
available at www.asx.com.au. Rox confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in that 
market announcement and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the production target, and the related forecast 
financial information derived from the production target in that market announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Rox 
confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person's findings are presented have not been materially modified from that market 
announcement. 
Forward‐Looking Statements 
Certain statements in this announcement relate to the future, including forward-looking statements relating to the Company and its business 
(including its projects). Forward‐looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning Rox Resources Limited planned 
For personal use only


 
 
Page 13
 
exploration program(s) and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this document, the words such as "could," "plan," 
"estimate," "expect," "intend," "may”, "potential," "should," and similar expressions are forward looking statements. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other important factors that could cause 
the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by such statements. Actual events or results may differ materially from the events or results expressed or implied in any 
forward-looking statement and deviations are both normal and to be expected. Neither the Company, its officers nor any other person gives any 
representation, assurance or guarantee that the events or other matters expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements will actually 
occur. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on those statements.
For personal use only


 
Page 14
 
Appendix 1 
Table 1 – Collar Locations and Drilling Details 
Hole ID 
Prospect 
Drill 
Type 
East 
North 
RL 
Depth 
Dip 
Azi 
RXDD143 
Kathleen 
DD 
678,980.46 
6,834,764.25 
464.49 
270 
-60 
64 
RXDD207 
Prospect 
DD 
679,763.00 
6,833,598.00 
459.00 
290 
-56 
71 
RXDD135 
United North 
DD 
679,024.84 
6,834,574.44 
462.43 
350 
-60 
64 
RXDD156 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
679,486.28 
6,834,162.40 
412.06 
300 
-63 
66 
RXDD163 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
679,327.60 
6,833,928.00 
460.00 
520 
-71.5 
44 
RXDD208 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
679,262.58 
6,834,046.37 
460.30 
510 
-70 
63 
RXDD210 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
679,262.58 
6,834,046.37 
460.30 
520 
-62 
58 
RXDD213 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
679,262.58 
6,834,046.37 
460.30 
460 
-60 
48 
RXDD209 
Prospect 
DD 
679,763.00 
6,833,598.00 
459.00 
290 
-48.5 
71 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
679,639.57 
6,833,527.91 
459.23 
560 
-65.5 
58.5 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
679,277.62 
6,833,995.14 
460.07 
570 
-82 
60 
RXDD211 
Grace 
DD 
680,150.25 
6,833,626.89 
457.24 
305 
-68 
250 
RXDD212 
United North 
DD 
679,596.94 
6,834,848.82 
466.63 
355 
-50 
216 
RXDD214 
United North 
DD 
679,442.99 
6,834,869.10 
468.60 
120 
-52 
161 
 
Table 2 – Significant Intersections 
(Significant intervals are reported to geological and/or grade boundaries above 0.5g/t Au and a 1 gram-metre Au threshold, with maximum 3m 
internal waste; “including” intervals generally above 10 gram-metres; downhole widths reported). 
Hole ID 
Prospect 
Drill 
Type 
From 
To 
Interval 
Au g/t 
Au g.m. 
RXDD143 
Kathleen 
DD 
90.29 
91.62 
1.33 
4.26 
5.67 
RXDD207 
Prospect 
DD 
117.35 
117.67 
0.32 
12.20 
3.90 
RXDD135 
United North 
DD 
290.00 
291.85 
1.85 
1.76 
3.26 
RXDD156 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
17.00 
18.00 
1.00 
1.59 
1.59 
RXDD163 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
91.00 
92.00 
1.00 
1.18 
1.18 
RXDD208 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
472.70 
473.66 
0.96 
7.84 
7.53 
RXDD210 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
165.48 
165.87 
0.39 
2.42 
0.94 
RXDD210 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
434.90 
443.43 
8.53 
0.93 
7.97 
RXDD210 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
437.72 
438.41 
0.69 
4.10 
2.83 
RXDD213 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
161.87 
163.00 
1.13 
1.60 
1.81 
RXDD209 
Pollard 
DD 
232.28 
235.23 
2.95 
8.91 
26.28 
RXDD209 
Pollard 
DD 
232.28 
232.75 
0.47 
55.00 
25.85 
RXDD209 
Pollard 
DD 
281.70 
284.70 
3.00 
0.99 
2.96 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
82.82 
87.32 
4.50 
7.94 
35.72 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
82.82 
83.70 
0.88 
39.10 
34.41 
RXDD213 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
329.68 
330.69 
1.01 
2.06 
2.08 
RXDD213 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
402.32 
403.30 
0.98 
1.04 
1.02 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
205.65 
212.00 
6.35 
14.43 
91.61 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
210.00 
211.47 
1.47 
51.80 
76.14 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
276.39 
277.86 
1.47 
3.07 
4.51 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
295.27 
295.75 
0.48 
8.56 
4.11 
RXDD135 
United North 
DD 
290.00 
292.00 
2.00 
1.70 
3.39 
RXDD163 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
91.00 
92.00 
1.00 
1.18 
1.18 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
421.13 
426.86 
5.73 
4.69 
26.90 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
421.13 
423.31 
2.18 
11.36 
24.77 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
492.65 
497.46 
4.81 
8.97 
43.15 
For personal use only


 
Page 15
 
Table 2 – Significant Intersections 
(Significant intervals are reported to geological and/or grade boundaries above 0.5g/t Au and a 1 gram-metre Au threshold, with maximum 3m 
internal waste; “including” intervals generally above 10 gram-metres; downhole widths reported). 
Hole ID 
Prospect 
Drill 
Type 
From 
To 
Interval 
Au g/t 
Au g.m. 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
492.65 
494.00 
1.35 
12.25 
16.54 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
496.30 
497.46 
1.16 
22.60 
26.22 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
527.65 
528.65 
1.00 
3.10 
3.10 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
537.80 
540.00 
2.20 
3.20 
7.04 
RXDD216 
Youanmi Main 
DD 
551.99 
554.00 
2.01 
4.99 
10.03 
RXDD215 
Prospect 
DD 
503.00 
504.16 
1.16 
1.55 
1.80 
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 1 Data and Sampling Techniques 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Sampling 
techniques 
Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random 
chips, 
or 
specific 
specialised 
industry 
standard 
measurement tools appropriate to the minerals under 
investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or 
handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should 
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling. 
 
RC hole diameter was 5.5" (140 mm) reverse circulation 
percussion (RC). Sampling of RC holes was undertaken by 
collecting 1m cone split samples at intervals.  
Diamond drill hole core size is HQ at the start of the hole, 
changing to NQ2 in competent rock with NQ2 size 
diameter through the mineralisation. Sampling of 
diamond holes was by cut half core as described further 
below. 
Drill holes were generally angled at -600 towards grid 
northeast (but see Table for individual hole dips and 
azimuths) to intersect geology as close to perpendicular 
as possible.   
A handheld XRF instrument was used assist in geological 
logging.   
 
Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample 
representivity and the appropriate calibration of any 
measurement tools or systems used 
Drillhole locations were picked up by differential GPS. 
Logging of drill samples included lithology, weathering, 
texture, moisture and contamination (as applicable). 
Sampling protocols and QAQC are as per industry best 
practice procedures. 
 
Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are 
Material to the Public Report.  In cases where ‘industry 
standard’ work has been done this would be relatively 
simple (e.g. ‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 
1 m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 
30 g charge for fire assay’). In other cases more 
explanation may be required, such as where there is 
coarse gold that has inherent sampling problems. 
Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (e.g. 
submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed 
information 
RC drillholes were sampled on 1m intervals using a cone 
splitter.  A nominal 3-4kg sample is taken and analysed for 
gold by Fire Assay 50g (FA50). 
Diamond core is HQ and NQ2, however dominantly NQ2 
size, sampled on geological intervals, with a minimum of 
0.3 m up to a maximum of 1.2 m.  The diamond core was 
cut in half, with one half sent to the lab and one half 
retained. The sample was analysed for gold by Fire Assay 
50g (FA50). 
 
Drilling 
techniques 
Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open-hole 
hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and 
details (e.g. core diameter, triple or standard tube, depth 
of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other type, whether 
core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc). 
Drilling technique was Reverse Circulation (RC) and 
diamond core (DD). The RC hole diameter was 140mm 
face sampling hammer.  
For personal use only


 
Page 16
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 1 Data and Sampling Techniques 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Drill sample 
recovery 
Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample 
recoveries and results assessed 
Diamond core recoveries are logged and recorded in the 
database. Overall recoveries are typically >99% and there 
are no apparent core loss issues or significant sample 
recovery problems. 
Hole depths are verified against core blocks. 
Regular rod counts are performed by the drill contractor.  
There is no apparent relationship between sample 
recovery and grade. 
RC drill recoveries were high (>90%).  
 
Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure 
representative nature of the samples 
Samples were visually checked for recovery, moisture and 
contamination and notes made in the logs. 
 
Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery 
and grade and whether sample bias may have occurred 
due to preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse material. 
There is no observable relationship between recovery and 
grade, and therefore no sample bias. 
Logging 
Whether core and chip samples have been geologically 
and geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support 
appropriate Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies 
and metallurgical studies. 
Detailed geological logs have been carried out on all RC, 
but no geotechnical data have been recorded (or is 
possible to be recorded due to the nature of the sample).  
Detailed geological and geotechnical logs were carried 
out on all diamond drill holes for recovery, RQD, 
structures etc. which included structure type, dip, dip 
direction, alpha angle, beta angle, texture, shape, 
roughness, fill material, and this data is stored in the 
database. 
The geological data would be suitable for inclusion in a 
Mineral Resource estimate. 
 
Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. 
Core (or costean, channel, etc) photography. 
Logging of diamond core and RC chips recorded lithology, 
mineralogy, mineralisation, weathering, colour, and other 
sample features. RC chips are stored in plastic RC chip 
trays. 
 
The total length and percentage of the relevant 
intersections logged 
All holes were logged in full. 
Sub-sampling 
techniques and 
sample 
preparation 
If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or 
all core taken. 
Drill core was cut in half on site using a core saw. Samples 
were collected from the same side of the core where 
possible, preserving the orientation mark in the kept core 
half. If no orientation line was possible a cut line was used 
on the core. 
 
If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc 
and whether sampled wet or dry. 
RC samples were collected on the drill rig using a cone 
splitter. If any mineralised samples were collected wet 
these were noted in the drill logs and database. 
 
For 
all 
sample 
types, 
the 
nature, 
quality 
and 
appropriateness of the sample preparation technique. 
The sample preparation followed industry best practice.  
Fire Assay samples were dried, coarse crushing to 
~10mm, followed by pulverisation of the entire sample in 
an LM5 or equivalent pulverising mill to a grind size of 85% 
passing 75 micron. 
 
Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling 
stages to maximise representivity of samples. 
Field QC procedures involve the use of Certified 
Reference Materials (CRM’s) as assay standards, along 
with duplicates and blank samples. The insertion rate of 
the CRM’s was approximately 1:20, and blank sample 
insertion rate was approximately 1:50.  
 
For personal use only


 
Page 17
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 1 Data and Sampling Techniques 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is 
representative of the in situ material collected, including 
for instance results for field duplicate/second-half 
sampling. 
For RC drilling field duplicates were taken on a routine 
basis at an approximate 1:20 ratio using the same 
sampling techniques (i.e. cone splitter) and inserted into 
the sample run. No diamond core field duplicates were 
taken. 
 
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of 
the material being sampled. 
The sample sizes are considered more than adequate to 
ensure that there are no particle size effects relating to the 
grain size of the mineralisation which lies in the 
percentage range. 
Quality of assay 
data and 
laboratory tests 
The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying 
and laboratory procedures used and whether the 
technique is considered partial or total. 
The analytical technique involved Fire Assay 50g. 
Lab XRF was completed on the pulps for the diamond core 
samples. 
 
For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF 
instruments, etc, the parameters used in determining the 
analysis including instrument make and model, reading 
times, calibrations factors applied and their derivation, 
etc. 
No geophysical or portable analysis tools were used to 
determine assay values stored in the database. 
 
Nature of quality control procedures adopted (e.g. 
standards, blanks, duplicates, external laboratory checks) 
and whether acceptable levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of 
bias) and precision have been established. 
Internal laboratory control procedures involve duplicate 
assaying of randomly selected assay pulps as well as 
internal laboratory standards. All of these data are 
reported to the Company and analysed for consistency 
and any discrepancies. 
Verification of 
sampling and 
assaying 
The verification of significant intersections by either 
independent or alternative company personnel. 
Senior personnel from the Company have visually 
inspected mineralisation within significant intersections. 
 
The use of twinned holes. 
No twinned holes to date.  
 
Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, 
data verification, data storage (physical and electronic) 
protocols. 
Primary data was collected using a standard set of Excel 
templates on Toughbook laptop computers in the field. 
These data are transferred to Geobase Pty Ltd for data 
verification and loading into the database. 
 
Discuss any adjustment to assay data. 
No adjustments or calibrations have been made to any 
assay data. 
Location of data 
points 
Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drillholes 
(collar and down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings 
and other locations used in Mineral Resource estimation. 
Drill hole locations have been established using a 
differential GPS with an accuracy of +/- 0.3m.  
 
Specification of the grid system used. 
The grid system is MGA_GDA94, zone 50S for easting, 
northing and RL. 
 
Quality and adequacy of topographic control. 
The topography of the area is relatively flat and has been 
surveyed during the mining period by the mine survey 
team. The Competent Person considers that the surface 
is suitable for this MRE 
Data spacing and 
distribution 
Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results. 
RC and diamond drill hole spacing varies 40-200 metres 
between drill sections, with some areas at 40 metre drill 
section spacing. Down dip step-out distance varies 20-
100 metres. 
For personal use only


 
Page 18
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 1 Data and Sampling Techniques 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to 
establish the degree of geological and grade continuity 
appropriate for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve 
estimation procedure(s) and classifications applied. 
Data spacing and distribution are sufficient to establish 
the degree of geological and grade continuity appropriate 
for JORC (2012) classifications applied. 
 
Whether sample compositing has been applied. 
No sample compositing has occurred for diamond core 
drilling. Sample intervals are based on geological 
boundaries with even one metre samples between. For RC 
samples, 1m samples were completed for all holes. No 
composites were taken. 
Orientation of data 
in relation to 
geological 
structure 
Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased 
sampling of possible structures and the extent to which 
this is known, considering the deposit type. 
The mineralisation strikes generally NNW and dips to the 
west at approximately -60 degrees. The nominal drill 
orientation was 065 and -60 dip. Drilling is believed to be 
generally perpendicular to strike.  
 
If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the 
orientation of key mineralised structures is considered to 
have introduced a sampling bias, this should be assessed 
and reported if material. 
No sampling bias is believed to have been introduced. 
Sample security 
The measures taken to ensure sample security. 
Sample security is managed by the Company. After 
preparation in the field samples are packed into 
polyweave bags and despatched to the laboratory. For the 
majority of samples these bags were transported directly 
to the assay laboratory by the Company. In some cases, 
the sample were delivered by a transport contractor the 
assay laboratory. The assay laboratory audits the samples 
on arrival and reports any discrepancies back to the 
Company. No such discrepancies occurred. 
Audits or reviews 
The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques 
and data. 
No audits have yet been completed. 
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Mineral tenement 
and land tenure 
status 
Type, reference name/number, location and ownership 
including agreements or material issues with third parties 
such as joint ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, 
native title interests, historical sites, wilderness or national 
park and environmental settings. 
The Youanmi mining centre which comprises the leases: 
M57/51, 
M57/75, 
M57/97, 
M57/109, 
M57/135, 
M57/160A, M57/164, M57/165, M57/166 and M57/167 is 
100% owned by Rox Resources. 
 
The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along 
with any known impediments to obtaining a license to 
operate in the area. 
The tenements are in good standing and no known 
impediments exist. 
For personal use only


 
Page 19
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Exploration done 
by other parties 
Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other 
parties. 
Significant previous exploration has been carried out 
throughout the project by various companies, including 
AC/RAB, RC drilling and diamond drilling 
1971-1973 WMC: RAB, RC and surface diamond drilling 
1976 
Newmont: 
10 
surface 
diamond 
drillholes 
(predominantly targeting base metals). 
1980-1986 BHP: RAB, RC and surface diamond drilling 
(predominantly targeting base metals). 
1986-1993 Eastmet: RAB, RC and surface diamond 
drilling. 
1993-1997 Goldmines of Australia: RAB, RC and surface 
diamond drilling. Underground mining and associated 
underground diamond drilling. 
2000-2003 Aquila Resources Ltd: Shallow RAB and RC 
drilling 
2004-2005 Goldcrest Resources Ltd: Shallow RAB and 
RC drilling; data validation. 
2007- 2013 Apex Minerals NL: 9 diamond holes targeting 
extensions to the Youanmi deeps resource. 
For personal use only


 
Page 20
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Geology 
Deposit type, geological setting and style of mineralisation. 
The Youanmi Project straddles a 40km strike length of 
the Youanmi Greenstone Belt, lying within the Southern 
Cross Province of the Archaean Yilgarn Craton in 
Western Australia. The greenstone belt is approximately 
80km long and 25km wide, and incorporates an arcuate, 
north-trending major crustal structure termed the 
Youanmi Fault Zone. This structure separates two 
discordant greenstone terrains, with the stratigraphy to 
the west characterised by a series of weakly deformed, 
layered mafic complexes (Windimurra, Black Range, 
Youanmi and Barrambie) enveloped by strongly 
deformed, north-northeast trending greenstones.  
Gold mineralisation is developed semi-continuously in 
shear zones over a strike length of 2,300m along the 
western margin of the Youanmi granite. 
Gold is intimately associated with sulphide minerals and 
silicates in zones of strong hydrothermal alteration and 
structural deformation.  Typical Youanmi lode material 
consists of a sericite- carbonate- quartz- pyrite- 
arsenopyrite schist or mylonite which frequently 
contains significant concentrations of gold, commonly 
as fine, free gold particles in the silicates, occluded in 
sulphide minerals and in solid solution in arsenopyrite. 
The lodes contain between 10% and 25% sulphide, the 
principal species being pyrite (10% to 20%) and 
arsenopyrite (1% to 5%).  
There are a series of major fault systems cutting through 
the Youanmi trend mineralisation that have generated 
some significant off-sets. 
The Youanmi Deeps project area is subdivided into three 
main areas or fault blocks by cross-cutting steep south-
east trending faults; and these are named Pollard, Main, 
and Hill End from south to north respectively. 
Granite hosted gold mineralisation occurs at several 
sites, most notably Grace and the Plant Zone Prospects. 
Gold mineralization occurs as free particles within 
quartz-sericite altered granite shear zones.  
The Commonwealth-Connemarra mineralised trend is 
centred 4km northwest of the Youanmi plant. The 
geology comprises a sequence of folded mafic and felsic 
volcanic rocks intercalated with BIF and intruded by 
granite along the eastern margin. Gold mineralisation is 
developed over a 600m strike length, associated with a 
north trending and steeply west dipping shear zone that 
traverses the northwest trending succession. 
Drill hole 
Information 
A summary of all information material to the understanding 
of the exploration results including a tabulation of the 
following information for all Material drill holes: 
• 
easting and northing of the drill hole collar 
• 
elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above 
sea level in metres) of the drill hole collar 
• 
dip and azimuth of the hole 
• 
down hole length and interception depth 
• 
hole length. 
Refer to drill results Table/s and the Notes attached 
thereto. 
Data aggregation 
methods 
In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging 
techniques, maximum and/or minimum grade truncations 
(e.g. cutting of high grades) and cut-off grades are usually 
Material and should be stated. 
All reported assay intervals have been length weighted. 
No top cuts have been applied. A lower cut-off of 0.5g/t 
Au was applied for RC and diamond core. 
For personal use only


 
Page 21
 
JORC Table 1 - Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of 
high-grade results and longer lengths of low-grade results, 
the procedure used for such aggregation should be stated 
and some typical examples of such aggregations should be 
shown in detail. 
Mineralisation over 0.5g/t Au has been included in 
aggregation of intervals for RC and diamond core. 
 
The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent 
values should be clearly stated. 
No metal equivalent values have been used or reported. 
Relationship 
between 
mineralisation 
widths and 
intercept lengths 
These relationships are particularly important in the 
reporting of Exploration Results. 
 
If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill 
hole angle is known, its nature should be reported. 
 
If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are 
reported, there should be a clear statement to this effect 
(e.g. ‘down hole length, true width not known’). 
The mineralisation strikes generally NNW and dips to the 
west at approximately -60 degrees. Drill orientations are 
usually 065 degrees and -60 dip. Drilling is believed to be 
generally perpendicular to strike. Given the angle of the 
drill holes and the interpreted dip of the host rocks and 
mineralisation (see Figures in the text), reported 
intercepts approximate true width. 
Diagrams 
Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and 
tabulations of intercepts should be included for any 
significant discovery being reported These should include, 
but not be limited to a plan view of drill hole collar locations 
and appropriate sectional views. 
Refer to Figures and Table in the text. 
Balanced reporting 
Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results 
is not practicable, representative reporting of both low and 
high grades and/or widths should be practiced to avoid 
misleading reporting of Exploration Results. 
Representative reporting of both low and high grades and 
widths is practiced. 
Other substantive 
exploration data 
Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, should 
be reported including (but not limited to): geological 
observations; geophysical survey results; geochemical 
survey results; bulk samples – size and method of 
treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk density, 
groundwater, geotechnical and rock characteristics; 
potential deleterious or contaminating substances. 
All meaningful and material information has been 
included in the body of the announcement. 
Further work 
The nature and scale of planned further work (e.g. tests for 
lateral extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-
out drilling). 
Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible 
extensions, including the main geological interpretations 
and future drilling areas, provided this information is not 
commercially sensitive 
Further work (RC and diamond drilling) is justified to 
locate extensions to mineralisation both at depth and 
along strike. 
 
 
For personal use only
